Consider accessible description in the rules that use link context (5effbb, fd3a94) (#1845)
auto-wcag/auto-wcag: _rules/links-with-identical-names-and-context-serve-equivalent-purpose-fd3a94.md

- the elements are in the same [web page (HTML)][]; and
- the elements are [included in the accessibility tree][included in the accessibility tree]; and
- the elements have [matching][] [accessible names][accessible name] that are not empty (`""`); and
- the elements have [matching][] [accessible descriptions][accessible description]; and

> - have the same [programmatically determined link context][].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the elements have the same [programmatically determined link context][].
```

consistent with bullets above

#### Passed Example 1

> These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], [accessible description][] and [context][programmatically determined link context] and link to the [same resource][].

Reviewer 2: Would be helpful to say "same non-empty accessible name, empty accessible description..."?

> These two HTML `a` elements have the same non-empty [accessible name][], empty [accessible description][], the same [context][programmatically determined link context] and link to the [same resource][].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
These two HTML `a` elements have the same non-empty [accessible name][], empty [accessible description][], the same [context][programmatically determined link context] and resolve to the [same resource][].
```
The other test case descriptions seem to consistently use "resolve".

> These two HTML `a` elements have the same non-empty [accessible name][], empty [accessible description][], the same [context][programmatically determined link context] and resolve to the [same resource][].

Reviewer 4: (Minor.)

I suggest that you add a comma i.e. replace this:
the same [context][programmatically determined link context] and resolve to the [same resource][].
with this:
the same [context][programmatically determined link context], and resolve to the [same resource][].

Then the comma usage will match the other passed examples.  And the sentence will be more clear, I think.

#### Passed Example 1

> These two HTML `a` elements have the same non-empty [accessible name][], empty [accessible description][], the same [context][programmatically determined link context], and resolve to the [same resource][].

Reviewer 5: I think these texts are gettin pretty verbose. Not a blocker if people prefer this language, but I would suggest this:

```suggestion
These two links with the same [name][]accessible name], [description][]accessible description] and [context][programmatically determined link context] resolve to the [same resource][].
```

The same for other example descriptions.

#### Passed Example 2

> These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], [accessible description][] and [context][programmatically determined link context], and resolve to the [same resource][] after an instant redirect.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These two HTML `a` elements have the same non-empty [accessible name][], empty [accessible description][] and the same [context][programmatically determined link context], and resolve to the [same resource][] after an instant redirect.
```

> These two HTML `a` elements have the same non-empty [accessible name][], empty [accessible description][] and the same [context][programmatically determined link context], and resolve to the [same resource][] after an instant redirect.

Reviewer 4: (Minor - changing comma usage and the word "and").
I suggest that you replace this:
```These two HTML `a` elements have the same non-empty [accessible name][], empty [accessible description][] and the same [context][programmatically determined link context], and resolve to the [same resource][] after an instant redirect.```
with this:
```These two HTML `a` elements have the same non-empty [accessible name][], empty [accessible description][], the same [context][programmatically determined link context], and resolve to the [same resource][] after an instant redirect.```

#### Passed Example 3

> These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], [accessible description][] and [context][programmatically determined link context], and resolve to identical resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These two HTML `a` elements have the same non-empty [accessible name][], empty [accessible description][] and the same [context][programmatically determined link context], and resolve to identical resources.
```

> These two HTML `a` elements have the same non-empty [accessible name][], empty [accessible description][] and the same [context][programmatically determined link context], and resolve to identical resources.

Reviewer 4: (Minor - changing comma usage and the word "and").
I suggest that you replace this:
```These two HTML `a` elements have the same non-empty [accessible name][], empty [accessible description][] and the same [context][programmatically determined link context], and resolve to identical resources.```
... with this:
```These two HTML `a` elements have the same non-empty [accessible name][], empty [accessible description][], the same [context][programmatically determined link context], and resolve to identical resources.```

#### Passed Example 4

> These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], [accessible description][] and [context][programmatically determined link context], and resolve to pages that serve the same purpose because the content section is the same.

Reviewer 4: May I suggest that you replace this:
```These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], [accessible description][] and [context][programmatically determined link context], and resolve to pages that serve the same purpose because the content section is the same.```
... with this:
```These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], the same [accessible description][], the same [context][programmatically determined link context], and resolve to pages that serve the same purpose because the content section is the same.```

Maybe I'm being overly particular, but I suspect that small changes like this can make sentences a lot easier to parse in the mind of the reader.  Personally I am a fan of removing "implied parentheses" in a sentence where I can.  In this case the original version of the sentence has "implied parentheses" which apply the words "the same" to three things: 1) accessible name, 2) accessible description, and 3) context.  So I need to jump around in the sentence and in my mind.

#### Passed Example 4

> These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], the same [accessible description][], the same [context][programmatically determined link context], and resolve to pages that serve the same purpose because the content section is the same.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], empty [accessible description][], the same [context][programmatically determined link context], and resolve to pages that serve the same purpose because the content section is the same.
```

#### Passed Example 5

> These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], [accessible description][] and [context][programmatically determined link context], and go to pages that fulfill the same purpose in relation to the link because they contain the same relevant information.

Reviewer 4: (Along the same lines as my previous suggestions.)
May I suggest that you change this:
```These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], [accessible description][] and [context][programmatically determined link context], and go to pages that fulfill the same purpose in relation to the link because they contain the same relevant information.```
... to this:
```These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], the same [accessible description][], the same [context][programmatically determined link context], and go to pages that fulfill the same purpose in relation to the link because they contain the same relevant information.```

#### Passed Example 5

> These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], the same [accessible description][], the same [context][programmatically determined link context], and go to pages that fulfill the same purpose in relation to the link because they contain the same relevant information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], empty [accessible description][], the same [context][programmatically determined link context], and go to pages that fulfill the same purpose in relation to the link because they contain the same relevant information.
```

#### Passed Example 6

> These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], [accessible description][] and [context][programmatically determined link context], and go to pages that use different layouts but have the same purpose.

Reviewer 4: May I suggest that you change this:
```These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], [accessible description][] and [context][programmatically determined link context], and go to pages that use different layouts but have the same purpose.```
... to this:
```These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], the same [accessible description][], the same [context][programmatically determined link context], and go to pages that use different layouts but have the same purpose.```

#### Passed Example 6

> These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], the same [accessible description][], the same [context][programmatically determined link context], and go to pages that use different layouts but have the same purpose.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], empty [accessible description][], the same [context][programmatically determined link context], and go to pages that use different layouts but have the same purpose.
```

#### Passed Example 7

> These two HTML `span` elements have an [explicit role][] of link, the same [accessible name][], the same [accessible description][], the same [context][programmatically determined link context], and link to the [same resource][].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These two HTML `span` elements have an [explicit role][] of link, the same [accessible name][], empty [accessible description][], the same [context][programmatically determined link context], and link to the [same resource][].
```

#### Passed Example 8

> These two SVG `a` and HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], same [accessible description][], same [context][programmatically determined link context] and link to the [same resource][].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These two SVG `a` and HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], empty [accessible description][], same [context][programmatically determined link context] and link to the [same resource][].
```

#### Failed Example 1

> These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], [accessible description][] and [context][programmatically determined link context] but go to different resources.

Reviewer 3: I think we still have the problem where this example is falling into the "ambiguous to users in general" exception of 2.4.4 and therefore shouldn't fail, but this is an unrelated problem.

> These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], [accessible description][] and [context][programmatically determined link context] but go to different resources.

Reviewer 4: (Wording, not content.)   May I suggest that you change this:
```These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], [accessible description][] and [context][programmatically determined link context] but go to different resources.```
... to this:
```These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], the same [accessible description][], and the same [context][programmatically determined link context], but go to different resources.```

#### Passed Example 9

> These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], the same [accessible description][], and the same [context][programmatically determined link context], but go to different resources. However, there is no visual information to let users know that both links resolve to non-equivalent resources. 

Reviewer: Starting with this example, we began using "the same accessible description", whereas in previous cases we used "empty accessible description". I recommend maintaining consistency throughout. It might also be helpful to include examples that uses title or aria-describedby attributes both in passed and failed for comparison.

> These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], the same [accessible description][], and the same [context][programmatically determined link context], but go to different resources. However, there is no visual information to let users know that both links resolve to non-equivalent resources. 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], empty [accessible description][], and the same [context][programmatically determined link context], but go to different resources. However, there is no visual information to let users know that both links resolve to non-equivalent resources. 
```

#### Failed Example 2

> These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], [accessible description][] and [context][programmatically determined link context]. They link to web pages that are similar, but have different information in their content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], the same [accessible description][] and [context][programmatically determined link context]. They link to web pages that are similar, but have different information in their content.
```

#### Failed Example 3

> These two HTML `span` elements have an [explicit role][] of link, same [accessible name][], [accessible description][] and [context][programmatically determined link context], but link to resources that offer different content.

Reviewer 4: May I suggest that you change this:
```These two HTML `span` elements have an [explicit role][] of link, same [accessible name][], [accessible description][] and [context][programmatically determined link context], but link to resources that offer different content.```
... to this:
```These two HTML `span` elements have an [explicit role][] of link, the same [accessible name][], the same [accessible description][], and the same [context][programmatically determined link context], but link to resources that offer different content.```

#### Failed Example 4

> These two SVG `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], [accessible description][] and [context][programmatically determined link context] but link to different resources.

Reviewer 4: May I suggest that you change this:
```These two SVG `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], [accessible description][] and [context][programmatically determined link context] but link to different resources.```
... to this:
```These two SVG `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], the same [accessible description][], and the same [context][programmatically determined link context], but link to different resources.```

#### Failed Example 5

> These two HTML `a` elements with the same [accessible name][], [accessible description][] and [context][programmatically determined link context] resolve to the [same resource][] after redirect, but the redirect is not instant.

Reviewer 4: May I suggest that you change this:
```These two HTML `a` elements with the same [accessible name][], [accessible description][] and [context][programmatically determined link context] resolve to the [same resource][] after redirect, but the redirect is not instant.```
... to this:
```These two HTML `a` elements with the same [accessible name][], the same [accessible description][], the same [context][programmatically determined link context], and resolve to the [same resource][] after redirect, but the redirect is not instant.```

#### Inapplicable Example 3

These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible names][accessible name] but different [accessible descriptions][accessible description].

```html
<html lang="en">
	<p>
		<a
			href="/test-assets/links-with-identical-names-serve-equivalent-purpose-b20e66/about/contact.html"
			title="To learn more about us"
			>Contact</a
		>
		<a
			href="/test-assets/links-with-identical-names-serve-equivalent-purpose-b20e66/about/contact.html"
			title="To know how to reach us"
			>Contact</a
		>
	</p>
</html>
```

#### Inapplicable Example 4

> These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][] and link to the [same resource][] but different [programmatically determined link contexts][programmatically determined link context].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], , the same [accessible description][], and link to the [same resource][] but different [programmatically determined link contexts][programmatically determined link context].
```

</html>
```

#### Inapplicable Example 6

> These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][] and link to the [same resource][] but different [programmatically determined link contexts][programmatically determined link context]. Even though the two contexts in this example are *identical*, they are not the *same*. That is: even though they have equivalent content, they do not consist of the same DOM elements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], the same [accessible description][], and link to the [same resource][] but different [programmatically determined link contexts][programmatically determined link context]. Even though the two contexts in this example are *identical*, they are not the *same*. That is: even though they have equivalent content, they do not consist of the same DOM elements.
```

</html>
```

#### Inapplicable Example 7

> These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][] but different [programmatically determined link contexts][programmatically determined link context] because the `div` elements place them in different display blocks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These two HTML `a` elements have the same [accessible name][], the same [accessible description][], but different [programmatically determined link contexts][programmatically determined link context] because the `div` elements place them in different display blocks.
```
